SelectBox/TagBox: update custom item creating topics (#4470)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/SelectBox/15 Create a User-Defined Item.md

A user can select existing values and add new values to the SelectBox. To enable this feature, assign **true** to the [acceptCustomValue](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSelectBox/1%20Configuration/acceptCustomValue.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#acceptCustomValue') property. 

> Note that you should implement the [onCustomItemCreating](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSelectBox/1%20Configuration/onCustomItemCreating.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#onCustomItemCreating') function to create a new data source entry. You can specify DOM events after which the component calls this function. Use the [customItemCreateEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#customItemCreateEvent) property for this purpose. Besides the event passed to this property, the item can also be created when users press the **Enter** key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you should implement the [onCustomItemCreating](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxSelectBox/1%20Configuration/onCustomItemCreating.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#onCustomItemCreating') function to create a new data source entry. You can specify DOM events after which the component calls this function. Use the [customItemCreateEvent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSelectBox/Configuration/#customItemCreateEvent) property for this purpose. In addition to the event passed to this property, the item can also be created when users press the **Enter** key.
```
I edited the last sentence, but am not sure that's what you meant.
